Welcome back in our discussions about Bandler's and especially well-packed I wanted to also talk about
something called parsel which is a new butler that has come out in response to some of the issues that
you might face with wet back and that is mainly the fact that configuration is really really complicated
with wetback.
Parcells says hey I'll make things really really fast and we don't need any configuration files.
I'll take care of everything for you which is really nice.
And I personally want this to keep going.
I think configuration can get really tedious and doesn't really necessarily improve your developer skills.
So I definitely am a big fan of parsel so I'm going to do a quick demo on how parsel works.
Let's have a look.
I have over here a folder that I created that is completely empty and we're going to set up parsel to
start off.
We know we want to create or react.
So I'm going to say NPM install react and also react on
perfect.
We also want to actually NPM in it.
So we have a package dodgiest on file and we see over here that all right we have all our packages so
far.
Let me be clear here.
And now let's just have a few more things that we saw in the previous video on wipeout.
Let's NPM install dash test saved dev the parsel button there.
So this is what's going to bundle our code.
We're going to also get babbel
preset and that we've talked about previously.
And then let's also add because we're using re-act baseball preset re-act and hit enter.
All right.
So we've got everything set up the other thing I want to do is let's create our baseball configuration
here.
But actually let's try and do a baseball RC file.
So again something that we mentioned in the previous video I can just touch and Previously we did the
Slint RC this time around we can just do baseball.
RC And again this is going to read the baseball RC fall when initiating our project and configure Babbel.
In our case we want to have our pre-sets need the double quotes pre-sets to have the presets we just
downloaded.
We have the end and we have the re-act.
And finally let's go into our package.
Jasonville and look at our scripts.
So in here we want to say that we want to start and instead of this jibberish with parsel we can just
say parsel index dot HMO.
So we want to start bundling and parcel is smart enough to know that.
Just give me the index start small and I'll take care of the rest for you.
So for now let's just create the index not a shemale File.
We're going to touch index dot HMO and once again I'm going to make a nice small a small file and here
let's have a div where we have the ID up for our entry to react.
And then finally a script dag that will have the source of nice and simple and stodginess
and an index.
Yes let's create that follows wall I can just right click here for now and I'll just say new file.
Let's try that again.
New file index Dot.
Yes and we'll import will import re-act from the re-act package that we installed will also import re-act
Dom from re-act Dom and let's create a simple component that says
hello and this component will just be quite simple and just return for us.
Actually I can just keep it all online.
It's going to return a two.
I've said that enough.
Let's try something else.
Let's go with what's up.
All right.
And again in order to add that to our index thought a shemale binded to the idea of app we can simply
do react.
Dom
This should be dom like this.
Rupes.
There you go.
Render.
And we want to render the halo component
in the document dot get element by id
app.
Perfect.
Let's save that we have a simple app here.
Let's make this a little bit smaller so you can see now just for fun.
Let's run NPM start NPM start.
All right what just happened.
I see that I have a server running at HDB localhost.
One two three four.
Let's give it a try.
Let's see what's there.
Oh and silly me.
Remember this is a component.
So it is GSX.
After all we need to run this safe.
And did you notice that.
Let me try that again.
Save and parcel rebuilt everything for me.
If I go back and refresh look at that we have everything printed onto the screen.
But the cool thing is that our set up time was really really fast.
We didn't have to configure anything.
The cool thing with parsel is that it's zero configuration you see automatically parsel knows that it's
going to look at index dot a shemale file and starts working from there.
If index thought James had more imports and more components All-Starr loading them and bundled them
together and it's going to put everything into a disk folder that it already created look good that
we have a parcel js file and even source maps so parcelled does all of this for you.
It's smart enough to just figure out everything on its own.
You see that in the disk folder the script now points to the parsel number.
Dodgy Yes.
Again matching the Jazz file that it's output it.
How cool is that with so you can't really get up and running super fast and still get the bundling that
you need.
Obviously it doesn't have the flexibility that what pack has but it's moving the community in the right
direction in the direction of having configuration as a second thought.
Something that's taken care of and what Pak has noticed and a with web pack for you are able to have
a lot less configuration.
They did before.
But again definitely keep an eye out on this package.
I think it's absolutely amazing that we can do this so fast and creator of re-act up this fast with
parcel.
I hope this was interesting.
Now go play around with this package and explore on your own.
I'll see you in the next one.
Babai.